Software Requirements Specifications
For: Track Controller(s) / Wayside Controller(s)
By Derrick Ward

Note: SRS organized by feature


External Interface Requirements:

I.	User Interfaces
a.	Manual Override Interface
b.	Display which tracks are busy
c.	Display which track trains are one
d.	Display current and previous Velocity, Authority, and Distance Instructions from CTC

II.	Hardware Interface
a.	Two-way Communication Bridge to Track Circuit
b.	One-way Communication Bridge from CTC Office

III.	Software Interface
a.	Wayside Controller has objects passed to it from CTC Office Object
b.	Wayside Controller has objects passed to it from Track Circuit
c.	Wayside Controller passes objects to the Track Circuit

IV.	Communication Interface
a.	There is a one-way interface from the CTC Office
b.	There is a two-way interface between the Track Circuit 


System Features:

I.	System Feature 1: Set Switches
a.	Introduction/Purpose of feature
i.	Allows a train to switch from one track to another

b.	Stimulus/Response sequence
i.	Stimulus: CTC Office signals that Train A is to switch to Track 1.
ii.	Response: Send signal to Track Circuit to change Train A to Track 1.

c.	Associated Function Requirements
i.	Functional Requirement 1: Pull Instructions from CTC Office
ii.	Functional Requirement 2: Verify if Track is available
iii.	Functional Requirement 3: Sets Lights on track: to Red.
iv.	Functional Requirement 4: Send Signal to Track Circuit to Switch Train Tracks

II.	System Feature 2: Set Lights
a.	Introduction/Purpose of feature
i.	Allows environment to know when a train is coming or not.

b.	Stimulus/Response sequence
i.	CTC Office signals for a Train to change tracks.
ii.	Send a Red Light Signal to that track.

i.	Track Circuit signals a train is coming on the track.
ii.	Change Lights on the track to Red.

i.	Track Circuit signals no train is on the track.
ii.	Change lights on the track to Green. 

c.	Associated Function Requirements
i.	Functional Requirement 1: Pull Instructions from CTC Office
ii.	Functional Requirement 2: Pull Instructions from Track Circuit
iii.	Functional Requirement 3: Verify if Track is available
iv.	Functional Requirement 4: Set Lights on track

III.	System Feature 3: Pass along Velocity, Authority and Distance Information
a.	Introduction/Purpose of feature
i.	To pass along the Velocity, Authority, and Distance a train can travel on a track.

b.	Stimulus/Response sequence
i.	CTC pushes Velocity, Authority, and Distance Instructions
ii.	Push Velocity, Authority, Distance Instructions to Track Circuit

c.	Associated Function Requirements
i.	Functional Requirement 1: Pull Instructions from CTC Office
ii.	Functional Requirement 2: Pass VAD Info


Performance Requirements

I.	Instructions from Track Circuit must be pulled at least every 0.333 seconds.
II.	Instructions from CTC Office must be pulled at least every 0.333 seconds.
III.	Instruction must be pushed to Track Circuit at least every 0.333 seconds.


Design Constraints

I.	Each Wayside Controller needs to be visible from the user Interface


Software System Attributes


Other Requirements
